Update snmp-profile.adoc (#6827)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/provisioning/snmp-profile.adoc

3. `profile3` has an IPLIKE expression that matches all interfaces in the range specified in the filter.
This profile's SNMP parameters will be fitted only against IP addresses in the range specified by the `IPLIKE` expression.

Profiles will be tried in the order they are configured.
The first match that produces a successful SNMP `GET-REQUEST` on the scalar instance of `sysObjectID` will be saved by `Provisiond` as the SNMP configuration definition to use for all future SNMP operations against the fitted IP address.

NOTE: `default` as profile label is reserved for default SNMP config.

> == Manually fit a SNMP profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Manually fit an SNMP profile
```

The `opennms:snmp-fit` Karaf shell command finds a matching profile for a given IP address and prints out the resulting config.

> Matching or "fitting" an SNMP profile is successfuly if the IP passes the profile's filter expression and is successful in getting the scalar `sysObjectID` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matching or "fitting" an SNMP profile is successful if the IP passes the profile's filter expression and gets the scalar `sysObjectID` instance.
```

admin@opennms()> opennms:snmp-fit 172.1.1.106 profile1                   <2>
admin@opennms()> opennms:snmp-fit -s -n -f Switches 172.1.1.107 profile2 <3>
----
<1> Searches the profiles that fit the IP address `172.1.1.105` at location `MINION` and saves the resulting configuration as a definition for future use.
<2> Checks whether the profile with label `profile1` is a fit for IP address `172.1.1.106`, but does not save the resulting configuration if it is a fit.
<3> Checks whether the profile labeled `profile2` is a fit for IP address `172.1.1.107`.

> If a match, it will save the resulting configuration and also send a `newSuspect` event, telling {page-component-title} to auto-provision the node at that IP address into the `Switches` requisition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a match, it saves the resulting configuration and also sends a `newSuspect` event, telling {page-component-title} to auto-provision the node at that IP address into the `Switches` requisition.
```
